Result: Pass
Marks: 21/30
Percentage: 70.00 %
Questions: 10
Correct Answers: 7
Attempted: 10





1. Virtual Memory in a memory hierarchy consists of?


        1. Cache & RAM
        2. Cache & Disk
     T->3. RAM & Disk
        4. All of the above





2. Which of the below factor considered the most in management of memory?


        1. efficient use of memory
        2. faster allocation of the memory
        3. faster deallocation of the memory
     T->4. all of the above




3. Addresses generated by the compiler referred as.


         1. Physical Addresses
      T->2. Logical Addresses
         3. Actual Addresses
         4. Virtual Addresses




4. Memory fragmentation results in _______.


           1. stack overflow
           2. page faults
           3. better utilization of memory
       T-> 4. poor utilization of memory
           



5. Contiguos memory allocation faces the problem of.



      T-> 1. Memory fragmentation
          2. Page faults
          3. Minimim throughput
          4. All of the above





6. To format a disk means.


         1. to erase contents on it
     T-> 2. to create a new filesystem on it
         3. to rearrange contents on it
         4. all of the above




7. In paging, physical memory is divided into fixed size of blocks called as ______.


         1. pages
      T->2. frames
         3. parititions
         4. all of the above





8. The CPU always executes program in its _________.


          1. physical memory space
       T->2. logical memory space
          3. both the options A & B
          4. none of the above


9. Which of the following is a false statement about swap memory?


      T->1. it is a portion of main memory
         2. it is a portion of disk memory
         3. it is also called as a virtual memory
         4. size of swap memory should be doubles the size of main memory


10. Which of the following problem is not occurs in paging?

          1. Internal fragmentation
          2. Process size limit
       T->3. External fragmentation
          4. None of the above